!_TAG_FILE_FORMAT	2	/extended format; --format=1 will not append ;" to lines/
!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	1	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_AUTHOR	Darren Hiebert	/dhiebert@users.sourceforge.net/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_NAME	Exuberant Ctags	//
!_TAG_PROGRAM_URL	http://ctags.sourceforge.net	/official site/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_VERSION	5.8	//
cancel	ToggleableEventButton.js	/^  cancel: {$/;"	p	class:const
dataSource	InputComponent.js	/^      dataSource: [],$/;"	p	class:state
deactivatedRange	DatePicker.js	/^      deactivatedRange: true,$/;"	p	class:state
deselectOnClickaway	BookingTableComponent.js	/^      deselectOnClickaway: true,$/;"	p	class:state
deselectOnClickaway	TableComponent.js	/^      deselectOnClickaway: true,$/;"	p	class:state
disableYearSelection	DatePicker.js	/^      disableYearSelection: true,$/;"	p	class:state
enableSelectAll	BookingTableComponent.js	/^      enableSelectAll: true,$/;"	p	class:state
enableSelectAll	TableComponent.js	/^      enableSelectAll: true,$/;"	p	class:state
fixedFooter	BookingTableComponent.js	/^      fixedFooter: true,$/;"	p	class:state
fixedFooter	TableComponent.js	/^      fixedFooter: true,$/;"	p	class:state
fixedHeader	BookingTableComponent.js	/^      fixedHeader: true,$/;"	p	class:state
fixedHeader	TableComponent.js	/^      fixedHeader: true,$/;"	p	class:state
headline	DashboardComponent.js	/^  headline: {$/;"	p	class:const
height	BookingTableComponent.js	/^      height: '300px',$/;"	p	class:state
height	TableComponent.js	/^      height: '300px',$/;"	p	class:state
isOpen	ToggleableEventButton.js	/^		isOpen: false,$/;"	p	class:state
marginRight	DatePicker.js	/^  marginRight: 'auto',$/;"	p	class:const
maxDate	DatePicker.js	/^      maxDate: maxDate,$/;"	p	class:state
maxWidth	DatePicker.js	/^  maxWidth: 255,$/;"	p	class:const
minDate	DatePicker.js	/^      minDate: minDate,$/;"	p	class:state
multiSelectable	BookingTableComponent.js	/^      multiSelectable: true,$/;"	p	class:state
multiSelectable	TableComponent.js	/^      multiSelectable: true,$/;"	p	class:state
propContainer	BookingTableComponent.js	/^  propContainer: {$/;"	p	class:const
propContainer	TableComponent.js	/^  propContainer: {$/;"	p	class:const
propContainer	TextFieldComponent.js	/^  propContainer: {$/;"	p	class:const
selectable	BookingTableComponent.js	/^      selectable: true,$/;"	p	class:state
selectable	TableComponent.js	/^      selectable: true,$/;"	p	class:state
showCheckboxes	BookingTableComponent.js	/^      showCheckboxes: true,$/;"	p	class:state
showCheckboxes	TableComponent.js	/^      showCheckboxes: true,$/;"	p	class:state
showRowHover	BookingTableComponent.js	/^      showRowHover: false,$/;"	p	class:state
showRowHover	TableComponent.js	/^      showRowHover: false,$/;"	p	class:state
slideIndex	DashboardComponent.js	/^      slideIndex: 0,$/;"	p	class:state
stripedRows	BookingTableComponent.js	/^      stripedRows: false,$/;"	p	class:state
stripedRows	TableComponent.js	/^      stripedRows: false,$/;"	p	class:state
